Add Trackio integration documentation and update TOC (#3971)
huggingface/trl: docs/source/trackio_integration.md

# Trackio Integration

[Trackio](https://huggingface.co/docs/trackio) is a lightweight, free experiment tracking library built on top of **🤗 Datasets** and **🤗 Spaces**. It is the **recommended tracking solution for TRL** and comes natively integrated with all trainers.

To enable logging, simply set `report_to="trackio"` in your training config:

```python
from trl import SFTConfig  # works with any trainer config (e.g. DPOConfig, GRPOConfig, etc.)

training_args = SFTConfig(
    ...,
    report_to="trackio",  # enable Trackio logging
)
```

## Organizing Your Experiments with Run Names and Projects

> Trackio assigns default run name. However, we highly recommend setting a descriptive `run_name` to make it easier to organize experiments. For example:

Reviewer: nit (not sure if it's random or fixed):
```suggestion
By default, Trackio will generate a random name to identify each run. However, we highly recommend setting a descriptive `run_name` to make it easier to organize experiments. For example:
```

```python
from trl import SFTConfig

training_args = SFTConfig(
    ...,
    report_to="trackio",
    run_name="sft_qwen3-4b_lr2e-5_bs128",  # descriptive run name
)
```

> You can also group related experiments by project:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also group related experiments by project by setting the following environment variable:
```
